Add ocis search index command (#258)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/general-info.adoc

== Manage Unfinished Uploads

See xref:deployment/services/storage-users.adoc#manage-unfinished-uploads[Manage Unfinished Uploads] at the _Storage Users_ service for details. 

== Reindex a Space for Search

> In rare cirumstances, it can happen that it is necessary to initiate reindexing manually for a given space or user. Though the search service handles exeption cases automatically, it can happen that the search service was not able to complete indexing due to a dirty shut down of the service or because of a bug. The following command should *only* be run on explicit request and supervision of ownCloud support. Note that behaviour and options may change without special notice. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In rare circumstances, it can be necessary to initiate indexing manually for a given space or user. Though the search service handles exception cases automatically, it can happen that the search service was not able to complete indexing due to a dirty shut down of the service or because of a bug. The following command should *only* be run on explicit request and supervision of ownCloud support. Note that behavior and options may change without special notice. 
```

[source,bash]
----
ocis search index
NAME:
   ocis search index - index the files for one one more users

USAGE:
   ocis search index [command options] [arguments...]

CATEGORY:
   index management

OPTIONS:

>    --space value, -s value  the id of the space to travers and index the files of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --space value, -s value  the ID of the space to travers and index the files
```
